Adjusted home page text to use clearer wording (#74)
Vanilla-OS/website: index.md

Author: The non-hyphenated use of "open source" here is correct according to the website referenced earlier in the PR

<div class="hero hero-center">
    <div class="container hero-wrapper">
        <div class="hero-text">
            <h2>Up to Date.</h2>
            <p>Designed to last over time and always be faithful to you.</p>

>             <p>Vanilla OS is an <span class="mark">immutable</span> and <span class="mark">atomic</span> Ubuntu-based Point Release distribution that receives updates at the right time without sacrificing security or functionality.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <p>Vanilla OS is an <span class="mark">immutable</span> and <span class="mark">atomic</span> Debian-based Point Release distribution that receives updates at the right time without sacrificing security or functionality.</p>
```

>             <p>Vanilla OS is an <span class="mark">immutable</span> and <span class="mark">atomic</span> Ubuntu-based Point Release distribution that receives updates at the right time without sacrificing security or functionality.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>Vanilla OS is an <span class="mark">immutable</span> and <span class="mark">atomic</span> Ubuntu-based Point Release distribution that receives updates at the right time without sacrificing security or functionality.</p>
```

Personally don't think "Point Release" is needed here, since Ubuntu already makes it a point release.

Author: Fair enough

        <div class="hero-text">
            <h2>Work.</h2>
            <p>Your faithful colleague by day.</p>
            <p>Vanilla OS is designed to be a reliable and productive operating system for your daily work. The GNOME Desktop is the perfect environment for your daily tasks, with a clean and intuitive interface. Everything is at your fingertips.</p>

>             <p>Thanks to a wide range of applications, Vanilla OS is ready to meet your needs whether you are a developer, designer, student or simple user.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>Vanilla OS is ready to meet your needs whether you are a developer, designer, student or simple user, thanks to a wide range of applications. </p>
```

This order sounds better imo

        <div class="hero-text">
            <h2>Play.</h2>
            <p>Your teammate by night.</p>

>             <p>Play your favourite games without worrying about setting up your devices. Vanilla OS offers the latest stable Linux kernel, ensuring support for the latest hardware and the latest performance improvements.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>Play your favourite games without worrying about setting up your device. Vanilla OS offers the latest stable Linux kernel, ensuring support for the latest hardware and performance improvements.</p>
```

        <div class="hero-text">
            <h2>Choice.</h2>
            <p>Your system, your choices.</p>

>             <p>Vanilla OS is an operating system that respects your choices. You are in control, always.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>Vanilla OS is an operating system that respects your choices. You are always in control.</p>
```

>             <p>From the first start, you can choose which package format to use in Vanilla OS (Flatpak, Nix, Appimage ...). You choose, and Vanilla OS will take care of the rest, allowing you to get started without any problems.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>At the initial start, you can choose which package format(s) you want to use in Vanilla OS (Flatpak, Nix, Appimage ...). You choose, and Vanilla OS will take care of the rest, allowing you to get started without any difficulties.</p>
```

<div class="hero hero-feature hero-feature-inverted">
    <div class="container hero-wrapper">
        <div class="hero-text">
            <h2>Immutable...</h2>
            <p>...but also not.</p>

>             <p>Vanilla OS is an immutable operating system. Core parts of the system are locked down to prevent unwanted changes or corruption from third-party applications or a faulty update. Some paths are still writable, such as the home and configurations directories, allowing the user to keep their files and  application data.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>Vanilla OS is an immutable operating system. Core parts of the system are locked down to prevent unwanted changes, corruption from third-party applications or a faulty update. Some paths are still writable, such as the home and configuration directories, allowing the user to keep and alter their files and application data.</p>
```

Author: The use of that comma is definitely wrong

Reviewer 2: How? It's a list of things immutability prevents, I don't see an issue with that comma

>             <p>Core components are updated via controlled and atomic transactions, which are applied only on success and made available on reboot.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>Core components are updated via controlled and atomic transactions, which are only applied when successful and made available on a reboot.</p>
```

    <div class="container hero-wrapper">
        <div class="hero-text">
            <h2>Free & Open Source.</h2>
            <p>You don't have to, and will never have to pay.</p>

>             <p>Vanilla OS is built on free and open-source technologies and software and does not require any payment to be used. It is already yours.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>Vanilla OS is built on free and open-source technologies, and software which does not require any payment to be used. It is already yours.</p>
```

Author: That comma is grammatically incorrect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>Vanilla OS is built on free and open-source technologies and software, which do not require any payment to be used. It is already yours.</p>
```
This sounds better :D

Author: Went with
> Vanilla OS is built on free and open-source software which does not require any payment to be used.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good!

>             <p>All system components are released under open-source licenses, and the code is available for your review, contribution, or forking.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>All system components are open-source, making the code available for your review, contribution, or forking.</p>
```

>             <p>All system components are released under open-source licenses, and the code is available for your review, contribution, or forking.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <p>All system components are released under an open-source license, and the code is available for your review, contribution, or forking.</p>
```

>             <p>You don't have to, and will never have to pay.</p>
>             <p>Vanilla OS is built on free and open source technologies and software, and does not require any payment to be used. It is already yours.</p>
>             <p>All system components are released under open source licenses, and the code is available for your review, contribution, or forking.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <p>You don't have to, and will never have to pay.</p>
            <p>Vanilla OS is built on free and open-source technologies and software and does not require any payment to be used. It is already yours.</p>
            <p>All system components are released under open-source licenses, and the code is available for your review, contribution, or forking.</p>
```

            <div class="accordion">
                {% capture title %} Why Ubuntu Based? {% endcapture %}
                {% capture answer %}

>                     <p>Vanilla OS aims to be a stable and compatible distribution. Ubuntu is a distribution that respects both of these canons, being updated with strict control without having to give up functionality and security.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    <p>Vanilla OS aims to be a stable and compatible distribution. Debian is a distribution that respects both of these canons, being updated with strict control without having to give up functionality and security.</p>
```

                {% endcapture %}
                {% include accordion-item.html open=true title=title text=answer %}

                {% capture title %} Why not a rolling release? {% endcapture %}
                {% capture answer %}

>                     <p>Vanilla OS aims to be a stable and compatible distribution, and Ubuntu is a distribution that respects our design philosophies.</p>
>                     <p>Thanks to Flatpak, Nix, and Appimage, the user can always have the latest version of the applications they use, without having to wait for the next release of Vanilla OS.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    <p>Vanilla OS aims to be a stable and compatible distribution, and Debian is a distribution that respects our design philosophies.</p>
                    <p>Thanks to Flatpak, Nix, and Appimage, the user can always have the latest version of the applications they use, without having to wait for the next release of Vanilla OS.</p>
```
